Microsoft answers Windows device share slump with freemium strategy, 
Where is OBDII connector on Ford Ranger PK ?, Trying to locate my under dash OBDII connector, my Ford Ranger PK The service manual says " Data Link Connector The DLC-2 is located under the dashboard next to the centre panel. The 17-pin DLC-1, known from the previous series. is installed on the left rear side in the engine compartment . It cannot be used for communications with M-MDS" But for the life of me I cannot find it HELP
Malcolm Fraser: the high-flying exotic car enthusiast, 
Twitter’s Latest Addition Makes It Easier To Report Threats On Its Service To The Police, At the end of last year, Twitter began to focus in earnest on upgrading its suite of tools designed to help users dealing with abuse, threats, and other forms of harassment that took place on its service. Today, the company is making yet … Continued
The Big Social Media Design Trends In 2015, Younger generations have officially begun choosing to avoid or least maintain a low profile on Facebook and Twitter -- for many years seen as the two most used and relevant social networks. In fact, that might be the very reason they are choosing to avoid the giants of the social media world --everybody else is there, and both are saturated with targeted ads and irrelevant content. So, where are those users headed now, and what are the key trends for social media in 2015? Unbundling Or Single-Use Platforms There is a growing trend towards towards narrow-focussed, single-purposed social media apps -- products that perform one task and one task only, but do that task very well. Often this single task isn't even a new idea -- just a different take on the UI. For instance, while Instagram has long been used for sharing images with friends, Snapchat has become the social network of choice for selectively sharing images with friends. Similarly, social messaging apps such as Line or WeChat have been gaining momentum, especially in Asia, by offering one-to-one social communication, free from the crowded noise of traditional social networks. Recently Meerkat has struck a chord by folding real-time video broadcasting into a Twitter-driven social experience. While being an 'all-things-to-all-people app' might seem like a more complicated undertaking, single-use apps can entail their own share of difficulties. After all, people rightly expect a single-purpose app or site to be extremely proficient at executing its one goal. After all, you'd be disappointed if your best kitchen knife didn't outperform your pocket knife in the kitchen, right? That means simplifying your design and making the basic functionality bulletproof is essential to success in such a venture. Intuitive Design Is Expected People are spoiled for choice for when it comes to social media platforms in 2015. You don't get second chances to impress users. That puts added pressure on web designers, especially when...
New camera monitoring room keeping City of Logan safe, 
Warwick school acts against bullying and violence, 
Parkies want like to see mammoth work rewarded with visitors, 
New hope for LGBTI services on the Sunshine Coast, 
APRA keeps macroprudential strictures secret, 
The Upload: Your tech news briefing for Friday, March 20, 
Calls to Victoria's family violence hotline increase dramatically, 
Pets on Prozac, 
“A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about profits. They will be embarrassingly large.” - Henry Ford, “A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about profits. They will be embarrassingly large.” - Henry Ford
Cowper MP farewells a giant of Australian political ghistory, 
Office space sales booming, 
UK second-hand annuity market would boost retail focused fund firms - Moody's (Reuters), 
Tony Abbott's obit on Fraser, Our country has lost its 22nd Prime Minister, the Right Honourable Malcolm Fraser. As our nation’s leader between 1975 and 1983, he restored economically responsible government while recognising social change. In a long and active retirement, he maintained a keen interest in our country’s direction. The constitutional crisis of 1975 was one of the defining political events of our nation. Malcolm Fraser held true to the belief that his actions were in the best interests of Australia. He was determined to ‘turn on the lights’ and restore Australia’s economic fortunes. The greatest win in Australian political history confirms that he had correctly read the mood of the public. The friendship he built in later life with Gough Whitlam spoke volumes about the character of both men at the centre of the crisis: in their own different ways, they were both fierce Australian patriots. Under Malcolm Fraser’s leadership, self-government was conferred on the Northern Territory, the Commonwealth Ombudsman was established and our first Freedom of Information laws were enacted. Following the Hilton bombing, he established the Australian Federal Police. Later, he introduced legislation to establish a crimes commission following the Costigan Royal Commission. He commissioned the Campbell Report of 1981 which laid the foundations for eventual deregulation of the financial system. Under Malcolm Fraser’s leadership, Australia was an unwavering opponent of apartheid and after he left office, Malcolm Fraser continued to work for the end of apartheid. His subsequent appointment to roles with the United Nations and the Commonwealth of Nations reflected his high international standing. He had a deep interest in the advancement of indigenous people. He banned sand mining on Fraser Island. As well, the first Australian sites were placed on the World Heritage List and the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park was declared. He welcomed the re-settlement of tens of thousands of Vietnamese people...
All major browsers hacked at Pwn2Own contest, 
PS4's Deep Down Aiming for "Realer than Real" Experience, 
Social services urge against dole wait for jobless youth, 
NHS deserves politicians who can make and defend hard choices, Headlines affect politics, and that affects our health. Lewis Whyld/PA The future of the NHS will clearly be a key issue for the 2015 General Election. Any institution that costs the country so much, and touches so many people’s lives, cannot avoid being a topic for political debate. However, this institution is peculiarly ill-suited to the short-term nature of much British politics. Successive governments have focused on being seen to do something, and on generating favourable media coverage across the electoral cycle. This has resulted in a series of reorganisations and patches since the 1980s. In the policy community, the consequences are widely regarded as chaotic, demoralising and wasteful. Unfortunately, unless the election has a clear-cut result, this seems likely to continue as coalition partners bargain for baubles or a minority government offers pork-barrel deals to win support from minor parties on specific votes. No primary goal Nanny state over lifestyle choices? Bernt Rostad, CC BY Fundamentally, the problem for the NHS lies in the inability of politicians to settle on its primary goal and on how we should achieve it. Should we have a national health service, focused on preventing people getting ill and minimising their dependency on healthcare? Or should we have a national sickness service, focused on repairing the damage done by everyday life in the modern world? If we could agree on the primary goal, we then have to balance four concerns about the means for achieving it. We want these to be efficient – not wasting taxpayer’s money; effective – doing what it says on the tin; equitable – equally accessible to all citizens; and humane – nicely giving people what they want. Unfortunately, any one of these choices can also provoke negative political consequences. If we emphasise the promotion of health, we very quickly come to the detailed regulation of everyday lives and major industries, the “nanny state” that deprives consumers...
Aldi UK says e-commerce 'not an immediate focus' (Reuters), 
Social services urge against dole wait for jobless youth, 
Malcolm Fraser dead, at 84, Bam wrote on Mar 20th, 2015 at 10:26am: John Smith wrote on Mar 20th, 2015 at 10:12am: Bam wrote on Mar 20th, 2015 at 9:16am: John Smith wrote on Mar 20th, 2015 at 9:09am: A crap PM but he seemed to be a decent bloke ... thanks for your service and RIP I think it more appropriate at this time to focus on his achievements. I didn't know he had any ..... Look at his record on human rights and multiculturalism. Lots of good stuff there. He established the Human Rights Commission, opposed apartheid, resettled refugees, started SBS television, made progress on Aboriginal land rights, and so on. I recall Fraser once being asked in an interview, what had caused his "shift to the left" in his later years Without hesitation he stated - EMPHATICALLY - that his values had never wavered ... but that the Liberal Party , Australia - and the whole world, to an extent - had taken a disturbing "shift to the right" He was CORRECT History will be kinder to Fraser in death, than it was in life - as it will Whitlam ON that note - does anyone have an explanation as to why such things as anti-racism, cultural and religious tolerance - and conservation - are seen as "leftist ideals" ? .
Herald editorial on Tony Abbott's government is right on track, say readers, 
Malcolm Fraser dead, at 84, John Smith wrote on Mar 20th, 2015 at 10:12am: Bam wrote on Mar 20th, 2015 at 9:16am: John Smith wrote on Mar 20th, 2015 at 9:09am: A crap PM but he seemed to be a decent bloke ... thanks for your service and RIP I think it more appropriate at this time to focus on his achievements. I didn't know he had any ..... ? Oversaw establishment of Family Court of Australia and Federal Court of Australia, Northern Territory self government, passage of Aboriginal Land Rights (Northern Territory) Act, creation of Federal Ombudsman, ABC FM radio; Special Broadcasting Service (SBS), Australian Refugee Advisory Council, Aboriginal Development Commission. ? Ended mining of mineral sands from Fraser Island. Declared 36 000 square km of Cairns section of Great Barrier Reef as marine park. Introduced policy of uranium development with safeguards framework. Oversaw landmark 1978 decision to price local oil at world parity, resources boom through opening up new coalmines, North West Shelf, power stations and aluminium plants for investment. ? Introduced family allowances paid to mothers. Oversaw decision to build new Parliament House on Capital Hill. ? Prominent in international affairs. Supported independence movements in Africa and antiapartheid boycotts against South Africa. Actively promoted Zimbabwe’s independence. Called for global Common Fund to stabilise commodity prices.
Malcolm Fraser dead, at 84, John Smith wrote on Mar 20th, 2015 at 10:12am: Bam wrote on Mar 20th, 2015 at 9:16am: John Smith wrote on Mar 20th, 2015 at 9:09am: A crap PM but he seemed to be a decent bloke ... thanks for your service and RIP I think it more appropriate at this time to focus on his achievements. I didn't know he had any ..... He appointed Lebanese Muslims in Lebanon to act as Refugee agents for the Australian government ... with the no-brainer result that these Muslims sent us their Muslims while rejecting applications from the Christians. Thanks Malcolm.
HTC replaces CEO with company founder, 
Malcolm Fraser dead, at 84, John Smith wrote on Mar 20th, 2015 at 10:12am: Bam wrote on Mar 20th, 2015 at 9:16am: John Smith wrote on Mar 20th, 2015 at 9:09am: A crap PM but he seemed to be a decent bloke ... thanks for your service and RIP I think it more appropriate at this time to focus on his achievements. I didn't know he had any ..... Look at his record on human rights and multiculturalism. Lots of good stuff there. He established the Human Rights Commission, opposed apartheid, resettled refugees, started SBS television, made progress on Aboriginal land rights, and so on.
Malcolm Fraser dead, at 84, John Smith wrote on Mar 20th, 2015 at 10:12am: Bam wrote on Mar 20th, 2015 at 9:16am: John Smith wrote on Mar 20th, 2015 at 9:09am: A crap PM but he seemed to be a decent bloke ... thanks for your service and RIP I think it more appropriate at this time to focus on his achievements. I didn't know he had any ..... Mr Fraser claims Mr Howard approached him in a corridor following a cabinet meeting in May 1977 and said: "We don't want too many of these people. We're doing this just for show, aren't we?" The claim, made by Mr Fraser in an interview to mark the release of the 1977 cabinet papers, opens a new front in the continuing battle between the two former prime ministers on immigration policy and race issues. Mr Fraser , who was prime minister at the time, told The Australian that he had rebuffed his junior minister, telling Mr Howard: "You could have spoken in the cabinet room. You didn't, and what you say to me I didn't hear." http://www.theaustralian.com.au/in-depth/cabinet-papers/howard-in-war-refugee-sn...
Malcolm Fraser dead, at 84, Bam wrote on Mar 20th, 2015 at 9:16am: John Smith wrote on Mar 20th, 2015 at 9:09am: A crap PM but he seemed to be a decent bloke ... thanks for your service and RIP I think it more appropriate at this time to focus on his achievements. I didn't know he had any .....
Herald editorial on Tony Abbott's government is right on track, say readers, 
Social services urge against dole wait for jobless youth, 
Malcolm Fraser dead, at 84, John Smith wrote on Mar 20th, 2015 at 9:09am: A crap PM but he seemed to be a decent bloke ... thanks for your service and RIP I think it more appropriate at this time to focus on his achievements.
N1 Technologies Announces Plans for Chain of Upscale Quick Oil Change Centers, 
DRS Urgent Freight Sydney To Melbourne, Freight forwarding is rebounding from the economic meltdown. In North America, the segment earns annual revenues upwards of $40 billion, operating margins up to 30 percent of net sales and, over the next five years, is expected to see 10 percent or more in annual revenue growth (see figure). But the market is still fragmented—with a mix of global providers, thousands of small competitors, and a rash of market forces disrupting business as usual. These disruptive forces range from shifting demand patterns, more complex and global supply chains, and an evolving customer base (as new customers from developing countries enter the market and traditional customers seek to reduce costs), to changing relationships with shippers; relationships change as forwarding becomes commoditized and switching costs are no longer relevant. Unless these industry dynamics are addressed and soon, freight forwarders will be condemned to competing in an industry in which slashing prices is their only competitive option. To ensure both medium-and long-term survival, we believe freight forwarders have several strategic imperatives: Protect revenues with innovation—develop a "sticky," differentiated offering Maximize profits by adapting the offering to serve the most attractive customer segments Win new business by attracting new customers in developing markets Avoid commoditization by adding value-added services to the offering Strategies for attending to these imperatives can be found in our Freight Forwarding Profitability Framework. They include the following: 1. Capitalize on Size Size matters for all of the well-known reasons: Larger forwarders get better rates from carriers, can book capacity well in advance (their ongoing large bookings are dependable business), and receive preferential treatment if it is ever necessary to move a load as carriers usually find space for their larger clients. And size dilutes fixed costs because carrier management—and to a lesser extent customer...
APRA keeps macroprudential strictures on bank lending secret, 
QUT research helping to shape the airports of the future, The Queensland University of Technology (QUT) says it is at the forefront of airport Rs multi-disciplinary airports ROur AIR lab runs many of the same systems a functioning airport does, including a check-in counter, security gate and command and control systems – it’s just missing the runway. “It’s where we’re researching, designing and testing a range of innovations to better manage airports and their competing passenger, security and economic concerns.” Professor Yarlagadda said the university built the AIR Lab to test its research because airports never sleep, which makes it difficult to conduct on-site testing without disrupting an airport’s day-to-day business. Artificial intelligence and image processing specialist Professor Clinton Fookes and his colleagues in the QUT lab have designed video analytics software that uses CCTV feeds to not just spot people posing a potential security risk but to monitor how quickly passengers move through the airport. “The video analytics tracks the overall flow and throughput of passengers through an airport – the time it takes for them to go from A to B to C – identifying bottlenecks and other issues that are slowing down arrival and departure processes,” Professor Fookes said. “Currently, many staff make resourcing decisions based on their own perception of the airport’s status, gut feeling and limited data feeds. These video analytics gives them the real-time data they need to make the best decisions for both passengers and staff. “Combined with our statistical modelling software, this technology provides an unprecedented level of business intelligence to help the various airport agencies make sure your airport experience runs as smoothly as possible. “And more importantly, when it isn’t running smoothly, this technology helps airport staff to detect that, and to understand why.” The statistical modelling software, developed by Dr Jegar Pitchforth as part of his PhD, has already been...
QUT research helping to shape the airports of the future, 
GALLERY: Seniors shine during their week, 
A Bishop’s Quest: Founding a United Religions by William E. Swing, 
Mystery bombings muddy waters in Ukraine's divided port city (AFP), 
Polycom and Microsoft Expand Relationship Through New Series of Video Collaboration Solutions for Skype for Business, 
Our Government Is Broke [ we iz scrood ], Dangerous to allow foreign ownership of essential services Peter Draper believes there has been much conflicting information about the electricity industry. The independent candidate opposing sitting MP Kevin Anderson in the electorate of Tamworth at the March 28 poll writes that theproposed 99-year lease is simply the first step in a full privatization to come. See your ad here The NSW electricity industry has four components – Ausgrid, Transgrid, Endeavour and Essential. Three of them make money, and they have subsidised Essential by returning $1.7 billion in dividends to the state government each year. Essential has not had to contribute. When these organisations are leased (a 99-year lease may as well be a sale), they will no longer subsidise Essential. Essential has some 800,000 customers across 95 percent of the state, but not big, profitable customers such as the mines that are all on Transgrid. Their customers are predominately residential consumers, with some business component. On the day The Nationals announced they had “saved” Essential, the company contacted every council across the state that they service announcing effective immediately, they were moving to full-cost recovery for street lighting. In Tamworth this means an immediate increase of $223,000 per year. We will not pay this increase in our electricity bills – we will pay it in our rates, as council passes this new impost on to ratepayers. See your ad here We are yet to feel the $170,000 council has already spent on upgrading streetlights to LED bulbs. Very cunning of the government to allow the electricity prices to increase, but cost shift to our local councils so we,, the consumers don’t see it in our electricity bills. Without the subsidies from the other three, Essential has no other way to raise funds unless they increase prices. Equally alarmingly, Lake Coal on the Central Coast is currently being sold to a Chinese company Lake Coal is the provider of coal to the three coal-fired...
Cyclone Nathan now category one, 
Five amazing things we've been promised 'within five years', 
What the passing of Malcolm Fraser really says about today’s politicians’ communications skills, 
‘A man of conviction, compassion’, 
Cities: Skylines: I am a Generous Mayor., There are some genres in which few dare to tread for fear of being crushed by the long reigning champion. For city building games there was really no comparison to Sim City, a game that had been around for decades and had captured the hearts and minds of a generation of gamers. However their last release, Sim City 4, showed that even the mighty can fall and the community began looking for alternatives. There have been others that have recieved some praise, like Banished and Anno 2070, but they never tried to beat Sim City at its own game. Cities: Skylines is a new entrant into the city building genre and it takes direct aim at the crown, going right at the foundation of what made Sim City great. Despite its namesake Skylines is not the next instalment in the Cities series of games (which are developed by Focus Home Interactive) instead it comes to us care of Colossal Order who’s previous titles are the Cities in Motion series. Essentially these were cut down versions of what Skylines looks to achieve, being focused solely on the deployment and maintenance of subway systems in famous locations. Skylines is then a natural progression for Colossal Order, taking their lessons learnt from the mixed reviews their games received and aiming high in the wake of Sim City’s failures. Skylines is built on the ever popular Unity engine which means, as usual, it has a very similar look and feel to other titles that have been released on it. For a city building simulator this isn’t much of a bad thing as you’ll spend the vast majority of your time at a birds eye view. That being said close inspection of my screenshots from both games shows a pretty similar level of detail with the main difference being Sim City favours a light and bright colour palette whilst Skylines is a bit more muted. Indeed comparing both of them it feels like Skylines simply directly ripped off most of the visual and interface elements from Sim City as even the order of the bottom row is identical....
@Ithika For an adult I might try and get some ranger service but they’d probably destroy it anyway, @Ithika For an adult I might try and get some ranger service but they’d probably destroy it anyway
Stirr of Echoes, Curses and THE WITCHES CASTLE, Utica, IN. It seemed like a sure thing. A river port town located along the bank of a small cove just east of the hazardous Falls of the Ohio¹. James Noble Wood, the founder of Utica, Indiana, did everything he could to bring his vision to life, even acting as the first ferryman in the area. But despite all of his hard work, the town never became more than just a quick ferry crossing to and from the more popular “Settlement” of Louisville located across the river on the Kentucky Shore. It didn’t make sense. Utica had many things to offer: location, natural resources, a secure cove, and a beautiful shoreline. Yet, there was a disconcerting aura surrounding the area, a foreboding that seemed to drive potential commerce away. Even Utica’s beautiful Quarry Bluff had an eerie and remorseful feel about it. There were rumors that the town was cursed. Wood was suspected of stealing the land on which he developed the modest town from three old spinster sisters of Métis² descent. In the Treaty of Paris, the British had ceded the Native American territory to the United States without informing the native land owners. Wood claimed the land in compensation for his military service and evicted the sisters. They did not go easily. A standoff ensued. After days of threats and gun fire, Wood assembly a vigilante party and stormed the house. The three sisters were disarmed and physically dragged from their home kicking and screaming. After being securely tied up, they were thrown on a makeshift raft and sent down the river towards the Falls of the Ohio and to their certain deaths. The eye-witness reports are distributing. Bloody, beaten, and trapped on the raft, town folk recalled watching the sisters struggling and wailing helplessly, when, without warning, all three sisters suddenly froze, their bodies becoming unnaturally stiff. Minutes passed and those on the shore wondered if rigor mortis was sitting in, the sisters having died from the...
Five amazing things we've been promised 'within five years', 
Malcolm Fraser a moral compass for Australia on human rights, 
Friday Briefing: Mortal Kombat, Dark Souls II, Cities: Skylines, and more, 
PMs pay tribute to Malcolm Fraser, 
Malcolm Fraser dead: A timeline of the life of Malcolm Fraser, 
Business Council wants more "flexibilty" for employers, 
Learner plates, Will see what I can do - people get ego out of a lot of things - some are inconsequentialeg - last Friday I dropped Helen off to pick her car up from being serviced. As I was on the way to a local car club run I dropped her off in the XP.  The customer service desk for both Ford and Hyundai is inside the Ford showroom.  I drove out the back, turned around and drove back out the gate (between the dealerships).  The staff all came out of their offices of both showrooms and were asking 'Who owns that? I wonder if they would sell it?" while Helen and the service manager grinned.  I even stopped a salesman mid-spiel.  I am quite proud of that effort.The point is people take pride in the things they do, some are competitive and need to make a competition out of eating dinner, drinking, spending the most on their restoration etc.  Post Count is just another one
Aussie Peterbilts and owners, ...continued from Swishy's pictures........The next conventional belongs to the Ridolfo family (ch/no 16473) who managed to track her down, bring it back to the West and restore her from a very sorry mess to her former glory after living almost its entire life up around Innisfail QLD mainly on logs and sawn timber with only a couple of owners in between......the following conventional is a Yankee blow-in...... the front on blue and white cabover is the one purchased by m'self in 1992  after a succession of proud owners and a lot of mods and alterations along the way until then......first operated by Harry Daniels of Kulnura NSW (ch/no 20680), it was the first Peterbilt in Australia to pull doubles (from Cloncurry QLD into the Northern Territory from 1966) for the Burns Philp-Adelaide Steamship Company carting all manner of supplies and timber for their trading posts and outlets......He was doing this for a while before Doug McIntyre bought two second hand units for similar work, and some pretty good colour photos exist of her painted in a similar scheme to Mainlines'... on the highway...doubles hooked up......it came down into Victoria in the early 1970's and has been here ever since with a variety of owners on all kinds of work, and even before her major cab rebuild in 1979 (after a prang), the owner Pete Johannsen stated "she was well worn and worn well"...now running a 335 and 15  O/D......The next one, the pale green cabover (ch/no 15977), is a favourite of mine being an original Mainline survivor and   having a long and varied career on the highways...never having been off semi trailer work its whole life......Mainline, Alltrans, Max Hickey, Copper City Transport, Terry Jones of Blacktown, Gerry Vlanderen then to his son Doug in recent years...still with its aluminium rails and still a very proud truck now in need of restoration......next cabover is a later import...... and the following photo shows the Highway Haulage cabover ch/no 19162 which...
Cyclone Nathan now category two, 
1916: how the events of the first world war shifted global history, As the Royal Irish Rifles fought at the Somme in 1916, the war was shaping epochal events at home. Imperial War Museums/Wikimedia Commons Two Irish events of 1916 – the separatist Easter Rising and the unionist Ulster Division’s experience at the the Battle of the Somme – have become sanctified in their respective Irish political traditions and stitched into the creation stories of both the Irish Republic and Northern Ireland. The first world war provided both the moment and the mode for these Irish and Ulster demonstrations of devotion, commitment and military endeavour – both for and against the wider political objectives of the war. In this sense these specifically Irish events are just part of a much wider pattern. Local loyalties, differences and antagonisms were everywhere affected and often amplified by the war itself. The experiences of the Easter Rising and the Somme thus exemplify the first main theme of my exploration of 1916, which is the inescapably global reach of the conflict. Testing empires A second main theme winds through any chronological exploration of 1916. The evidence of the year itself reveals a number of crisis points where the intensity of the war, often sharpened by a widespread sense that it might never end, began to cause fractures in the bodies politic of belligerent powers. Large-scale war can test states to destruction, as shown by the fate, not just of the Russian empire, but the German, Ottoman and Habsburg empires. Britain did not itself escape unscathed from the war and its aftermath. The 1916 Easter Rising saw the first separatist shots fired in a campaign which was to destroy the United Kingdom of 1914 and lead to the secession of more than 20% of the country’s land-mass. The inevitable and progressive centralisation of control in all the belligerent states also put conditional loyalties under pressure. This was a special problem for multi-national states where dynastic loyalties could be strained by national...
Five amazing things we've been promised 'within five years', 
APRA to keep housing curbs secret, 
Branding Beauty, Hello Marketing Gurus I have a question. But first a bit of background. I am a beauty therapist with skills in advanced skin therapy (facials, corrective non surgical work), makeup, tanning, nails, lashes, blah blah blah. My demographic is mainly women over 50 who want anti-aging and makeover work. However, I have the opportunity to maximize my presence in a few industries such as fitness, modelling and wedding so the demographic there would be, again, primarily women under 40 but a few men also. I will be setting up in a studio premises (as opposed to a multi roomed salon) and I will have the capacity to go mobile for certain events. My focus would be glamour but with a solid foundation in prep work so, in other words, you could attend for your upkeep in skin care but also be transformed for that major event. I will be teaming up with a photographer in the future to facilitate part of this focus. My uniform will be black or brown or white with a black apron. I am starting up my first business. And I have no idea how to brand it!! I don't want to be like everyone else and opt for a lolly name like "Blah Blahs Beauty" or "Such and Such's Nails & Tanning". I want to convey a strong, confident service provider but with a modern, glamourous feel that's not girly. (No pink, no sparkly love hearts etc). I don't know whether to brand under my own name and use a singular colour scheme (eg. black) OR whether to make up a name and pick a dual colour scheme (eg. black and gold). The businesses around me undertaking similar services are salons, featuring predominantly pink and are very focused on young women. I note that a majority of them don't have any advanced equipment for skin work and none do cosmetic tattooing. I feel I have the ability to establish a niche service with some unique products so I want to get this right and I'm in no rush. Do any of you have any thoughts, advice or off the cuff comments for me? Are you a client with a wish list? Who I should speak to? Any...
Journeys by Design, For the traveller who deserves personal service from a team with one focus – to design a journey tailored for you. You deserve to be more than just “next in line”…in fact, there shouldn’t even be a line. In our boutique travel agency we do things differently – let’s sit down over a coffee and take the time needed to design your perfect travel experience. We share your excitement from the first conversation, throughout your trip and when you return. Our Team of Journey Designers are completely focused on delighting our family of customers. We understand that great experiences come from more than just arriving on time. We’re an eclectic team of Travel Experts that have led tours all around the globe and will share a wealth of varied, REAL travel experiences. We have the insider knowledge and little tips for you to turn a good trip into an unforgettable journey.
Five ways Fraser changed Australia, 
Cyclone Nathan: Banana plantation badly damaged, 
Malcolm Fraser dead: SBS, pho and Parliament House, what Malcolm Fraser did for you, 
Crowdfunding platform Equitise acquires New Zealand based startup Rabble.co.nz, Equitise, an equity crowdfunding startup that was founded in Australia and part of the first Australasian Wealth Investment Limited's (AWI) Ventures Program intake announced this morning that it had acquired New Zealand based startup Rabble for an undisclosed sum. Equitise officially launched its service at the end of January 2015. Although the team would describe the company as a trans-tasman play, there is a clear focus right now on the New Zealand market right now.   Its first raise, for mobile technology and tourism business Tourism Radio NZ is 37.5% subscribed with 40 days to run, and management believe the investment will result in revenue growth compounding by 50% year on year. Rabble was acquired from Rowan Simpson who also founded Point of Sales software company Vend and was a key player in the early days of tech company TradeMe, he was also an early investor in Xero. Rabble is is an online community of over 600 New Zealand companies that allows members to raise their profile, recruit great talent and attract help from suitable investors and advisors.  The site was created in 2013 by Southgate Labs, a Wellington based company that helps growing software businesses with seed capital, strategy and execution. "We’re excited to announce today we have just bought Rabble from Rowan Simpson" said Equitise co-founder Chris Gilbert in a statement today."This brings together over 600 NZ tech companies, investors and advisers with an equity crowd-platform that has an Australasian focus and investor base. And we’re celebrating by launching a new competition for NZ businesses with over $20k of prizes". These prizes include business services such as coaching and mentoring as well as access to services that help support startup growth. Equitise has stated that it intends to run the Rabble platform in parallel with its equity crowdfunding platform, giving Rabble members easy access to crowdfunding opportunities. “We originally built Rabble because we thought it...
Cyclone Nathan: Banana plantation badly damaged, 
WEEKEND PLANNER: March 14 - 16, 
How To Improve Mobile Broadband Sales?, I am not sure if I can offer any suggestions on how to improve sales, certainly, it's not my area. However, I can explain why a recent decision we made at work ended up being not Exetel and perhaps that may assist the deliberations.I have used Exetel at home for a number of years now (just on 3 I think) and am thoroughly satisfied with my residential service. I run all communication for our household through the one account (ADSL2, VOIP, 4 x mobile CAP). My primary focus is the lowest possible price for a stable excellent service. Exetel fits this bill exactly. My main consideration is cost. I limit usage and monitor the kids plans minutely to ensure they remain within their Caps.At work we have been having problems with our office-in-a-box (Siemens W35) at one of our client sites (Melb CBD). It is with Telstra (as are the entire company's comms). However in that specific location (probably due to office blocks shielding line of site to the Telstra tower) we have terrible connection. Our VPN is flakey and prone to drop outs when on that connection. At home or other stable connection VPN is rock solid.A number of us have personal mobiles with other providers that when tethered provide a better connection. So the boss tasked me to look into options for our connection. (being one of the loudest agitators 'how can you expect us to be productive when your can't provide us decent tools with which to work'). I put my Exetel Optus CAP SIM in the W35 for a test. 5 bars. Solid connection. VPN stable. We were even able to run a rich client version of one package - unheard of on the Telstra connection.That little test showed (kind of - don't ask me for the statistical validity!) that it was a Telstra issue not Hardware. Being very happy with my Exetel service I was more than prepared to recommend Exetel to work. That box uses about 5GB a month and with a stable connection would probably use a little more. So I put together a spreadsheet (attached) of the business plans...
Eva Mendes avoids workouts, 
One Direction 'fully understanding' of Zayn Malik's decision to take a break, 
Cognizant shows how to fight shrink in a complex retail world, 
OmniOutliner, 
Five amazing things we've been promised 'within five years', 
Sod turned for Aranda ambulance and fire station, JOY Burch has turned the first sod to commence construction of a new co-located Ambulance and Fire & Rescue station at Aranda. “I am delighted to see the construction start on a new emergency service facility for residents of Belconnen,” Joy said. “This new Ambulance and Fire & Rescue station to be built at Bardi Place, Aranda, will replace two existing stations in the Belconnen town centre. ”In allocating $20.85 million dollars for this new station, the ACT Labor Government is continuing to make good on the commitment to improving emergency service coverage across the Territory. “Commencement of construction of this new co-located Ambulance and Fire & Rescue station at Aranda comes after extensive community consultation and engagement over the past three years. “Following on from the delivery of two wonderful new ACT Emergency Service Agency (ACT ESA) stations at West Belconnen and South Tuggeranong in the past 18 months, this new facility will complete the first phase of the ACT ESA Station Upgrade and Relocation Strategy. “All of these new emergency service facilities demonstrate the ACT Government’s commitment to improving community safety for Canberrans as the city expands and the population grows. “Strategically locating Ambulance and Fire & Rescue stations to better serve the needs and expectations of the community will help protect and save lives, property and the environment. “I would like to congratulate the builders with ADCO Constructions (Vic) Pty Ltd for winning the tender to build the wonderful new facility.” It is anticipated that construction of the co-located Ambulance and Fire & Rescue Station will be completed by the end of March 2016. [Photo: Joy Burch and Mary Porter] The post Sod turned for Aranda ambulance and fire station appeared first on Canberra CityNews.
, Retail banks "hardly have a chance" against transaction insurgents: Credit Suisse BY Staff Writers , Friday March 20, 2015 Retail banks are under major pressure world wide from innovative startups and in the transaction space in particular, they "hardly have a chance" according to a senior European Credit Suisse executive who also argues that Private Banking is a little different. In aninterviewon the bank's own web site, Marco Abele, Head of Digital Private Banking contrasts the difficulties the retail bankers are facing with the situation in private banking where he says, there are few startups or new players with the necessary understanding of the business to succeed. "We don't expect to see any disruption in corporate client business, because it has always relied very heavily on technology. For us, the new competition means that we need to focus on the business lines where we see the greatest growth potential." The interview also reveals that Credit Suisse is in the process of rebuilding its digital Private Banking capabilities with a platform that has been described in some quarters as 'Facebook for the Rich.' According to Abele,"We are digitalizing the bank's business and service model. That means that we are completely redesigning the way in which we interact with our clients, the way we provide them with content, and how we partner with them. These new digital capabilities are not just an improvement in the current business model, but a complete transformation." The bank aims to empower its clients to actively expand their knowledge, stay informed and to make decisions themselves. This, says Abele is exactly the same approach they are accustomed to ,"Meeting, and exceeding, these evolving expectations is part of our commitment to serving our clients – both current and next generation." He described the new approach as a collaborative and interactive platform"...that is centered around our expertise and experience and complemented by our Relationship...
Change, innovation and acquisitions for growth, 
Netflix won’t collect GST in Australia as debate heats up, The debate over GST reform has once again been pushed into the spotlight following confirmation online streaming service Netflix will be exempt from passing on the goods and services tax to its customers when it launches in Australia next week. Netflix will officially launch in Australia and New Zealand on March 24, despite thousands of tech-savvy Australians already accessing the company’s American service by bypassing its geo-block. A spokesperson for Netflix told SmartCompany the streaming service would not be collecting GST in Australia because there were no laws requiring it to do so. “Netflix has been and will be compliant with all applicable laws and regulations, and we pay taxes as required under local and national law,” says the spokesperson. “There are no local or federal rules requiring companies not based in Australia to collect GST on digital purchases.” In January, the newly appointed Assistant Treasurer Josh Frydenberg signalled his interest in reviewing the goods and services tax through the upcoming tax white paper and potentially lowering the GST-free threshold for online overseas purchases. “It is not fair to taxpayers, or to retailers or their many employees, to exempt overseas online retailers from the GST even if some consumers are enjoying the ride,” Frydenberg told SmartCompany at the time. The comments came after retail magnate Gerry Harvey slammed Australia Post for encouraging local shoppers to avoid paying the GST by purchasing goods from US retailers and then having them forwarded to Australia via its ShopMate service. Small Business Minister Bruce Billson told SmartCompany this morninghe encourages Australian businesses to “have their voice heard” if they are unhappy about overseas companies having a competitive edge by not passing on the cost of the GST to consumers. “My goal is to make sure there is tax equity and tax efficiency across the economy and as far as possible get businesses small and big on a level...
Five amazing things we've been promised 'within five years', 
Five amazing things we've been promised 'within five years', 
ATO to kill off e-Tax, 
Five amazing things we've been promised 'within five years', 
Five amazing things we've been promised 'within five years', 
Employer's hidden camera spying on SA health workers 'not unlawful', probe finds, 
Five ways Fraser changed Australia, 
PMs pay tribute to Malcolm Fraser, 
Ford Australia CEO Bob Graziano quits early, 
PMs pay tribute to Malcolm Fraser (AAP), 
@clementine_ford Or! A Manly Male Escort For Females service could be implemented as part of the work for the dole scheme! #problemsolved, @clementine_ford Or! A Manly Male Escort For Females service could be implemented as part of the work for the dole scheme! #problemsolved
@clementine_ford Or! A Manly Male Escort government service could be implemented as part of the work for the dole scheme! #bandaid, @clementine_ford Or! A Manly Male Escort government service could be implemented as part of the work for the dole scheme! #bandaid
ATO to kill off e-Tax, 
PMs pay tribute to Malcolm Fraser, 
PMs pay tribute to Malcolm Fraser (AAP), 
Firefighters still battling Byfield blaze, 
Entrepreneur bringing inbound calls home, Jordan Grives is ambitious. In every, single possible sense of the word. At just 19 years of age, he found himself pitching his then brand new telecommunications service to C-suite executives at some of Australia’s most well-known companies. “Why would an executive outsource a part of their core telecommunications service with a kid?! Changing my age wasn’t possible, the only thing I really had control over was [presenting] myself in a way to prove that we were mature enough to be entrusted with their services,” the now 26-year old reflects. And those services he was after are not worth pocket change. His company, Fonebox, which is on track to reach $10million in revenue this year, continues to grow rapidly. The premise is simple, but the execution difficult – and herein lay the business opportunity for Grives. Jordan Grives, CEO, Fonebox “Fonebox started as a result of identifying a niche in the telecommunications industry for hosting, routing and reporting on 13/1300/1800 numbers for marketing campaigns. Upon approaching companies about inbound numbers it became clear that larger providers were not providing a customised solution that incorporated all of these services,” Grives explains. “The other side of the business, our 24/7 Brisbane based contact centre, was the missing piece to the puzzle to give our clients a full end-to-end solution. More and more people want their calls answered 24/7 in Australia and thus we harnessed the power of our technology to create a state of the art contact centre service. We now have over 60 staff in Brisbane servicing the needs of our clients,” he says. For Grives, Fonebox has never been about creating a ‘set and forget’ company. He says that although he makes time to enjoy some downtime, his nights are often spent mulling over what steps he can put in place to expedite growth, and bring to fruition new visions for the business. Like many young businesses, the challenge is hitting that sweet spot between...
Five amazing things we've been promised 'within five years', 
Possibly the drunkest driver on Earth CCTV footage has been released of a UK drink driver so intoxicated he was unable to stand up or sit down while he was being charged., 
Ford Australia CEO Bob Graziano quits early, 
Five amazing things we've been promised 'within five years', 
Internet browsers affect work performance, Chrome, Safari, Internet Explorer. While many have an opinion as to which internet browser is best, new data suggests there is a strong correlation between the internet browser used by an employee and their work performance levels. Cornerstone OnDemand analyzed data sourced from around 50,000 customers that took their 45-minute online job assessment and were subsequently hired at a firm. The results revealed those that used Firefox or Chrome ended up staying at their jobs 15 per cent longer than those using Internet Explorer or Safari. Not only that, they performed better. The focus was on candidates entering customer-service and sales jobs for businesses in telecommunication, retail and hospitality industries. Although the reasons behind Firefox and Chrome’s positive results weren’t clarified, Cornerstone Chief Analytics Officer Michael Housman put it down to something along the lines of being “informed.” “I think that the fact that you took the time to install Firefox on your computer shows us something about you. It shows that you’re someone who is an informed consumer,” Mr Housman told Freakonomics Radio. “You’ve made an active choice to do something that wasn’t default.” The research could be valuable information for a variety of industries suffering from a high turnover rate. It’s no secret that hiring new staff can end up costing business big dough, and while Mr Housman said Cornerstone’s clients don’t usually take browser choice into account when choosing staff, browser speed and its capability to keep employees “informed” clearly has an effect on their productivity.
The Salvation Army Royal Commission Findings (Case Study 5), 
Crime rates rise in Colac and district, Surf Coast Police Service Area’s Inspector Peter Seel. COLAC’S leading police officer says the region’s officers are coping with their workload despite statistics revealing a rise in crime. A report released this week by Victoria’s Crime Statistics Agency showed offences in the Colac Otway Shire rose by 16 per cent from January to December 2014 compared with 2013. Police reported 1543 incidents in the Colac Otway Shire last year, an increase of 227 offences from 2013. Crimes against the person including assault and sexual offences increased, while public order and security offences and justice procedures offences also increased. The statistics showed a drop in drug and other offences. Surf Coast Police Service Area Inspector Peter Seel, who oversees police in both the Colac Otway and Surf Coast shires, said his officers had noticed an increase in offences. “With theft for example we do know there has been an increase in those offences and police are working hard to address that,” he said. Insp Seel said officers were managing the increased workload. “The officers feel they are coping with the workload; they work hard and they know they are expected to work hard,” he said. “The increase in offences over this period obviously puts a strain on the members but in saying that with all the work they do, we are looking forward to perhaps a drop in offences over the next 12 months.” Insp Seel said the health and safety of the public and police officers was the organisation’s priority. “Maintaining health and safety is one of our main objectives, both for the public and police officers,” he said. “People’s welfare is always at the forefront of what we do.” Victoria Police have focused on addressing an increase in family violence incidents across the state. Statistics showed Colac Otway Shire had 298 reported family violence incidents in 2014, compared with 305 in 2013. Insp Seel said addressing family violence was a focus for police. “We...
Obituary: John Malcolm Fraser, 
Malcolm Fraser obituary: Former Australian prime minister dies aged 84, 
Man Who Powers Microsoft’s Internet Explorer To Retire After 20 Year’s Service http://t.co/ZGMV652Rc9, Man Who Powers Microsoft’s Internet Explorer To Retire After 20 Year’s Service http://t.co/ZGMV652Rc9
Malcolm Fraser obituary: Former Australian prime minister dies aged 84, 
Eyewatch- Boroondara Police Service Area, Operation Fender Over the last two days Camberwell Police have conducted Operation Fender which has looked at pedestrian and vehicle movements within Boroondara focusing on our high collision areas. You may have seen the team out and about. The results are cause for concern with five drivers booked for speeding, and 24 issued infringement notices for using a mobile phone while driving. 22 pedestrians where issued with penalty notices for disregarding the road rules. Pedestrian deaths and serious injuries have been prominent in Boroondara collision stats over the past two years and the results from operations such as Fender highlight the need for a continued focus in this area. Please cross at crossings where you can and don't use your phone whilst driving. Steve Frost, Inspector Boroondara.
Pub grub challenge sees some dishes scrub up well, 
Chrome And Firefox Users Make Better Employees, 
The Last Time Apple Sold An Obscenely Overpriced Gadget, Now that the collective eye roll around Apple’s $14,000 watch has turned into a blank stare, it’s time for a little bit of nostalgia. Apple is not new to this game of selling seemingly everyday gadgets for ridiculous dollar amounts. The Twentieth Anniversary Macintosh (TAM) wrote the rules nearly 20 years ago. The TAM was designed for rich people — there’s no doubt about that. In fact, a young Jony Ive was on the team at Apple that created this $US7500 computer ($US10,000 in today’s dollars) with an innovative form factor, extra special green-gold metallic paint job, and custom-made Bose sound system, including a fabric-covered jewel speakers and a trash can-shaped subwoofer. The whole unit was designed to take up as little space on the desk as possible and blend into its surroundings, probably an executive’s spacious office. It was originally supposed to come with a personalised “concierge service” that basically involved a human —perhaps wearing a tuxedo— setting up the machine for you. Here’s Ive himself describing the term in a promo video, including those now-familiar crossfades, closeup product shots, and that very very Jony Ive tone: But wait there’s more. The TAM’s PowerPC 603e CPU was speedy at 250MHz and its 12.1-inch active matrix LCD display could display 16-bit colour thanks to 2MB of VRAM. It also came with a TV tuner, an FM tuner and roomy 2GB hard drive! The TAM included included a vertically oriented, 4x CD-ROM drive and high-density floppy Superdrive. Then, there were all sorts of ports for things like a specially designed keyboard with leather palm rests and a built-in trackpad. Perhaps unsurprisingly, the TAM was a total flop. And after Apple’s purchase of NeXT in late 1996, Steve Jobs returned to Apple in late 1997, as TAM sales floundered. The price was dropped to $US2000, and the machine quietly went out of production — although it will live forever in episodes of Seinfeld and The Real World . The similarly...
Chrome And Firefox Users Make Better Employees, Have you ever griped at your company’s IT department for forcing you to use Internet Explorer? Chances are, you weren’t being difficult: you were just trying to be a better employee. According to research published by Cornerstone OnDemand, people who use Firefox or Chrome make better employees. It gathered the data from customers who used its 45-minute online assessment and then found a job, and discovered that people who completed the online assessment stayed at the job an average of 15 per cent longer. Over the sample size of 50,000 people, that becomes more than just a blip: it’s a statistically significant fact. Talking to Freakonomics, Chief Analytics Officer Michael Housman thought that it had something to do with Chrome/Firefox users being better informed consumers. The survey mostly concerned people who were going into customer-service and sales jobs, traditionally fields that have a low skill level and high turnover rate — in other words, jobs where the employers want employees who are going to stay beyond the initial training period. More than just being an interesting statistical quirk, though, this is a good demonstration of the kind of big data statistics backing up gut judgements we’ve always made. Chances are, you’ve had to help more friends with computer problems that were using IE than Chrome, but you didn’t necessarily realise they’d make better employees. [The Atlantic] Have you subscribed to Gizmodo Australia'semail newsletter?You can also follow us onFacebook,Twitter,InstagramandYouTube.
Cigarette ban fires up elderly, 
Never miss a delivery again, 
Cyclone Nathan continues to weaken, 
Shapton pro series or ohishi waterstones?, Originally Posted by section1 Welcome aboard David I would very much like your opinion on this topic. Derek was explaning about using the chipbreaker effectively to eliminate tearout by honing a secondary bevel of 45° or greater and flattening the underside perfectly flat. He used a veritas cap iron to describe this method and I tried it on my LN cap iron which resulted in it being too short for the adjustment mechanism to advance the blade. It also reduced the width of the underside to almost nothing as I thought it would because the underside of the LN chipbreaker is not smaller in width than the veritas version. Many of the lie nielsen cap irons have a design defect, and that is that they are too short past the slot for the adjustment pawl (or whatever you'd call it) to reach the end of the cap iron. They must be made to something more blunt than their stock 25 degrees or once the step on the front of them is removed, they will be dented by a heavy chip. I had a friend who did just that, they received his cap iron back and replaced it and informed him that the stock angle was too shallow. I don't know what service is like there if you're in australia, and I think you mentioned you ordered another cap at a very high price. They should replace any cap iron that cannot reach the end of the iron because it is a critical part of a double iron plane, something they chose (and pardon me for being blunt) to copy and then "improve" without actually understanding how it works to limit or eliminate tearout. As the customer of their good, if you're using an LN cap on an LN plane (if I understand correctly it is that), then it is not unreasonable to expect them to provide you with something that will work once it's set up. The contact point under the edge can be less than stock by a lot without issue, so I wouldn't worry about it being thinned if it's not eliminated, but if the cap iron cannot reach the sole of the plane and protrude slightly through at the limit of its...
Malcolm Fraser dies, aged 84, 
2015 Mustang pricing for Oz, My dealer delivery fee is $1,995
2015 Mustang pricing for Oz, From Drive.com.au:'DELIVERY ROOMWhat might seem like a sharp price can be offset by excessive dealer delivery fees. Again, read the fine print carefully as delivery fees vary considerably. Most dealers quote from $1495 to $1695 but some try to charge up to $3000. When you consider some dealers don't even fill the petrol tank for this price, you can see why some customers get upset.The delivery fee is not the cost of getting the car to the dealer, as some dealers like to say. It actually is a cost designed to cover the incidentals of getting the car prepared for delivery to the customer, that is getting it cleaned, having a mechanic give it a once-over and completing the registration process.After speaking with dealer staff at several leading brands it's fair to say some pre-delivery checks are more thorough than others. Some cars simply get a wash and dry. Others, though, may be shipped in "transit mode" and need to have their computers rebooted so the car is ready for normal use. Some brands also truck their cars across Sydney to get them detailed or have accessories fitted. Generally speaking, this fee is a source of profit for dealers. Therefore, delivery fees are as negotiable as the rest of the price, so be sure to haggle'I always ask for a total final cost itemised quote. Most dealers won't come to the party, so they get culled straight away. Frankly, the so-called Dealer Delivery charge should be 'reasonable' e.g. way less than $1,000.
2015 Mustang pricing for Oz, Did anyone go on line for a quote only to find that the price offered by the dealer was somewhat greater than the online quote . . . Like around $2500 more? I called the dealer and was told that the delivery charge was that much more for a Mustang even though the on line quote was a drive away price that included the delivery charge.Hmmmm!
My truck is infested!!!, I spose this thread is mainly aimed at comic relief for your enjoyment purposes and I feel i need to vent haha My beloved Ranger is full of spiders, not even joking I have had it for about 4 months now and have had many GIANT spiders crawling all over running in and out of crevasses etc. I have found cobwebs inside the car, and was driving along at 100 kays plus when one decided to drop from the roof down on a web dangling in front of the steering wheel lucky it wasnt very big.Now I agree this sounds crazy but I am convinced my car is a spider magnet! It is the same kind of colour as my previous car and parked in the same spots and it never had a spider in it. The other cars weve got do not have this problem at all, live in a suburban street and do not get these kind of spiders around here.I may also add I'm not particularly fond of spiders hahaIf you can contain the laughter I seriously think that this problem arose from the holding yard the car was being kept in by the dealer before I bought it as I went and saw it in the holding yard which was sorta overgrown and surrounded by trees etc. Can anyone suggest any serious options I may be able to go about to get rid of these things, half contemplating taking it back to the dealer and tell them to go through it, but can see that just ending in them thinking I've lost the plot.Anyway love my Ranger but going slightly crazy, thanks for reading
Cheap XD S-Pack - NSW, IMO, the cluster is fine. The fuel gauge may have been replaced at some point, or simply been in the shade with how the car was parked. The carpet is non original - look at the heel pad.- definitely not falcon..... Dealer/aftermarket fitted A/C too. Nath-25 likes this Shhh Dave. Why do you always have to be right? It was great when it worked.
Your suggestions required ? career change, Hi SSers, I have been tossing around this idea for a while but can?t make up my mind on it so I have decided to resort to fellow SSers. I have thread of my journey so far here (for background info) http://somersoft.com/forums/showthread.php?t=106768 Current situation: I am working full time (very time consuming and responsible role) Intense overseas and domestic travel Do property development on side Help others to find suitable development sites Study (finished REA course and now looking at mastering NCC) At times it becomes too much to do in a week and it is getting harder to juggle all above with 2 hands and one very tiny brain Ultimate goal: I am working towards just being a full time developer and give up my beloved Day time job forever. Hurdle: If I give up my day time job right now, I will have to put breaks on property development for at least 2 years, (due to self-employed finance difficulties and restriction). I am not to keen to do that for time being. Especially have two sites on the go at the moment ?May be? solution to situation. Apart then skills that required for my day job. I have good skills at locating good development potential properties and building development knowledge. I have helped few SS members, and friends to find development potential properties and they paid me whatever money they thought appropriate for my work. I have certificate of real estate and required qualification to start buyer?s agent business. If I embark on journey to be buyer?s agent, target would be: ? Focus on development sites only (i.e ppl who are looking in to Becoming a developer) ? Share complete knowledge of property development To get above business going, I can hire people to work for me to service potential BA clients. And I can still keep my day time job or go part time on my current work. What?s your thoughts?
GinzaMetrics helps marketers get more bang for their social buck, 
Comment on Your guide to the data retention debate: what it is and why it’s bad by XY AndZ, 
Kazakh uses toilets to hedge against ruble fallout, 
Cyclone Nathan downgraded to category 3, 
Bega election diary: March 23, 2015, 
Bega election diary: March 20, 2015, 
Mandatory voting: Barack Obama floats the idea of Australian-style system in the United States, 
Bullish on Schlumberger and Baker Hughes, With sector volatility looming, investors should focus on the highest quality oil service names, writes Sterne, Agee. …The U.S. oil rig count posted a double-digit drop for the fourteenth consecutive week, fueled by a continued decline in oil-targeted activity. In … Continued
Drunk driver falls off chair at police station, 
How I got hooked on a peg!, This article first appeared in BRW in the week following the airing of Episode 5 of Shark Tank Australia. When the double doors open and someone walks through the Shark Tank ready to start their pitch, there are a number of things that go through my mind. Do I know anything about this industry? Could I add value beyond investment to this business? Is it scalable? Am I going to have to fight another Shark for this? For more than a decade my world has been almost exclusively spent in the online and business-to-business space. When I was approached to take part in Shark Tank, I knew it was an opportunity to open myself up to new ventures, but I’m not sure I ever imagined I would invest in the deal that took place last Sunday night. I have found myself the proud shareholder of a wonderful Australian story of innovation and design, which will forever reshape the way we complete a simple domestic household chore. That’s right, I’m a shareholder of HEGS – pegs with hooks. “I never thought I would be in the HEGS business,” I declared after my successful bid against Steve Baxter at the end of the segment. And that’s true, but I’m so glad I took a gamble on this incredible Aussie business and its founder. That would be the energetic Scott Boocock. He has a big laugh and an infectious can-do attitude. His positivity is contagious. Simply put, he is a “yes we can” kind of guy. I have been approached hundreds of times to review business ideas from friends and strangers alike, and the first question I always ask is, “Are you building a better mousetrap or are you changing the game of rodent management”. I’ve never been one to focus on ideas that do things slightly better – I’m always about the game changing ideas with a big vision for future growth. But Scott presented something so simple and effective, that I just couldn’t go past it… so I didn’t! HEGS held its AGM in Adelaide last week, so Scott took the opportunity to induct the...
New research institute for Canberra University, 
Driver missing after fiery semi trailer cliff crash, 
Driver missing after fiery semi trailer crash off NSW Southern Highlands cliff, 
Search for truck driver in wreckage of fiery Southern Highlands semi trailer crash, 
Cooktown spared as Cyclone Nathan hits (AAP), 
Meditation according to your star sign, Meditation according to your star sign 0 March 20, 2015 at 2:03 am • Posted inAstrology,FEATURED NEWS,Karma, Destiny and Spiritualitybydadhichi•0 Comments Previous post Introduction Too often we become caught up in ideologies, dogmas and religions of all sorts. Through astrology however we can see the different qualities exhibited in the characters of the zodiac. Spirituality is predominantly governed by the 9th house and Sagittarius which indicates religion, the higher mind and even ones mentors and gurus. The 12thhouse or Pisces is the hidden house of the zodiac and along with the 8th house or Scorpio, indicate transformative processes which take place away from the public eye. These are the mysterious houses of the zodiac, the spiritual houses and the ones which take us away from this material world either through death (8thhouse), which is not of our choice, or the 12thhouse, which is the house of withdrawal and therefore a choice to “die” to the material world as in the case of monks and nuns who enter monasteries to focus their attention purely on spirituality. Additionally, initiation into spiritual life by a mental or guru is shown by the 5thhouse. This shows the type of prayer, mantra or other ritual technologies that may assist a person along the path of spiritual enlightenment. By becoming caught up in the ideology and not looking to ourselves to see what the line of least resistance is in our spiritual development, our path in life, we make the mistake of superimposing concepts on human processes that are just not all compatible with those dogmas. Rather than freeing us spiritually, we experience tension within, the friction of doing something which just doesn’t feel right according to our own inner dictates. Finding the line of least resistance is the job of the astrologer when trying to help clients discern what sort of meditation is best for them. Armed with the knowledge of the Sun sign, the lunar sign, the rising sign, the 8th, 9thand...
OpenSSL fixes serious denial-of-service bug, 11 other flaws, 
Super rollovers with industrial strength, Daniel Gara Financial advisers using AdviserLogic software can now incorporate transactional components of advice into their broader service proposition and still keep the personal touch, thanks to a new Super Rollover feature (Super Rollover). AdviserLogic head of product development, Daniel Gara, said Super Rollover is a form of robo-advice that performs mundane functions which advisers cannot charge significant fees for, making it easier for them to compete with industry funds and like businesses. “It enables rollover of a client’s existing super funds into an adviser selected super fund, which then automatically selects a model portfolio that matches the client’s risk profile,” he said. “It then runs an analysis comparing the features and fees of the relevant superannuation funds.” Mr Gara said Super Rollover helps simplify the compliance process, which is good news for advisers and licensees. “It recommends a model portfolio which is directly in line with the client’s risk profile. It then compares features and fees of the old and new super funds and underlying investments. Statement of Advice generation is the next step.” If the adviser selected fund is chosen, the rollover process can be completed within seconds, but the adviser also has full capacity to alter anything in line with the client’s objectives – including the fund. “If the client doesn’t want to roll the full amount of funds over, or this is not appropriate, the adviser can leave some funds in place. There is also capacity to change some or all of the underlying investments. Anything can be altered,” Mr Gara said. “We have ramped up our data from SuperRatings to reflect the needs of Super Rollover and our users are really happy with it.” For insurance within super, Super Rollover allows the adviser to complete a comparison of insurance premium projections that are based on a combination of gender, age, occupation and sum insured. “The adviser analyses how much...
Drunk driver falls off chair at police station, 
Getting shared services right, 
Comment on Vanuatu sea levels: how much did they contribute to cyclone damage? by handjive, NOAA: No March Watches to Date Unprecedented During a month when severe weather typically strikes, this March has been unusually quiet, with no tornado or severe thunderstorm watches issued by NOAA’s Storm Prediction Center so far. And, National Weather Service forecasters see no sign of dramatic change for the next week at least. “We are in uncharted territory with respect to lack of severe weather”, said Greg Carbin, SPC’s warning coordination meteorologist. “This has never happened in the record of SPC watches dating back to 1970.” . . . Unprecedented. lol. Report this 00
Getting shared services right, 
GM to shut Russian plant as sales slide, Mr Putin's only achievement - reducing the Ruble to rubble, Ruble?s Fall Tests Governor of Russia?s Central Bank By ANDREW E. KRAMERFEB. 9, 2015 Elvira Nabiullina, the Bank of Russia governor, with President Vladimir Putin in the Kremlin last June. Credit Pool photo by Alexey Druzhinin MOSCOW ? Elvira S. Nabiullina, the governor of Russia?s central bank, was deep into a speech about her new currency policy when it became clear nobody was paying attention. Her audience, chief Russia economists from a dozen or so foreign banks, were looking down at their laps to nervously check their smartphones. The ruble, which had been slowly slipping after a predawn interest rate increase by the central bank, had just plunged 19 percent. Outside the chandeliered, czarist-era conference room in the central bank?s headquarters, the panicky signs of an economic crisis were taking shape on the streets. Muscovites desperate to unload increasingly worthless rubles were frantically buying televisions, washing machines, winter coats and other goods. While Ms. Nabiullina was receiving notes from aides about the rout during that December meeting, she kept right on with her speech, extolling the virtues of dropping the currency?s two-decade trading peg and letting market forces have their way. ?Her message was, ?We are not targeting the rate; the ruble will do what it does,?? one of the bankers at the closed-door meeting recalled of the speech. Ms. Nabiullina?s commitment continues to be tested daily. A diminutive, bookish think-tank economist, Ms. Nabiullina is a staunch believer in the benefits of a flexible exchange rate and a weak currency, if market forces dictate. And she has cheerily defended this stand even as the ruble became the second-worst-performing currency in the world last year. Only the Belarussian currency, also called the ruble, lost more value. ?It?s completely impossible to control the exchange rate and try to maintain some sort of orientation,? she told the Russian...
RT @officialtriumph: Like the new Ltd. edition Explorer XC? A tribute to @Globebusters. Find you nearest dealer: http://t.co/JCTGgS1hq2 http://t.co/0680CCBTy8, RT @officialtriumph: Like the new Ltd. edition Explorer XC? A tribute to @Globebusters. Find you nearest dealer: http://t.co/JCTGgS1hq2 http://t.co/0680CCBTy8
LLS – what do they do?, 
Driveclub Dev Hit With Layoffs, Still Working on Driveclub PS Plus Edition, 
OpenSSL fixes serious denial-of-service bug, 11 other flaws, 
Camping fees for Victorian National Parks, The fees are far reaching. We kayaked out to Mountaineer Inlet yesterday and there is now the "Have you booked a site" sign there as well.Anyone who has walked there will know that the provisions are minimal and the long drop dunnies probably see a service once a year if that.The camping used to be free and first come first served. So just what are we supposed to be paying for here?I just can't wait for the ranger to rush out a la swat team to take care of and move on someone who hasn't booked a site.The booking sign is standing in the shadow at the right of the photo. Pay up sign Mountaineer Inlet. Mountaineer.jpg (197.24 KiB) Viewed 1635 times PS. Just checked it and it's $11.60 per night to camp there. There didn't even seem to be defined sitesthere. What the hell are you paying for?http://www.parkstay.vic.gov.au/lake-eil ... ccom/68263 Last edited by neilmny on Mon 01 Sep, 2014 7:33 am, edited 4 times in total.
How to Integrate APM and Log Management: Loggly and New Relic, This article was sponsored by Loggly. Thank you for supporting the sponsors who make SitePoint possible. When running an application or website, you’d be wise to not only keep track of your visitor statistics, but your performance as well. While we’re used to setting up downtime monitoring right after deployment, this isn’t always the case with performance monitoring. A slow site means a slow income, especially nowadays when visitors expect sites to load in just a couple of seconds. With excellent tools like New Relic around, application performance monitoring and management shouldn’t be such a hassle anymore. Better yet, they recently teamed up with Loggly, a service that provides log management and analysis for an even better insight into your application or site’s performance. Now you can easily dive further from what happened into how it happened. In this article I will show you how both New Relic and Loggly work as a combined tool. Once you get the basics I will show you how these two powerful tools combine into a developers dream for analyzing bad performance or downtime. Why you should use Application Performance Management (APM) You may have heard of New Relic before as they have had various great partnerships with SitePoint. They were also covered in detail by Darren Jones in his excellent article on real time Ruby monitoring. New Relic offers several solutions for application performance management (APM). Whether you want to monitor your web application, mobile app or server, New Relic has the right tools for the job. They also have a free version of all of their products. For this article I will focus on New Relic APM, and let you have a look into its impressive dashboard. For New Relic to work properly, you’ll need to have admin access to the server your app is running on. Once installed, your dashboard will come alive. After running a small load test you’ll get to see your app (a Magento webshop in my case) in action. The dashboard shows...
GM to shut Russian plant as sales slide, Mog, U R back on your favorite subject vaxxing and medical marvels. More to the point R U going to get a FLU VAXX ? Some pretty bad flu versions overseas that could come here over winter. The Poles (not electricity poles) share your scare over the warmongering Putin. Poles Steel for Battle, Fearing Russia Will March on Them Next By RICK LYMANMARCH 14, 2015 KALISZ, Poland ? For evidence of how much President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia has jangled nerves and provoked anxiety across Eastern Europe, look no farther than the drill held the other day by the Shooters Association. The paramilitary group, like more than 100 others in Poland, has experienced a sharp spike in membership since Mr. Putin?s forces began meddling in neighboring Ukraine last year. Thirty students took an oath to defend Poland at all costs, joining nearly 200 other regional members of the association ? young men and women, boys and girls ? marching in formation around the perimeter of the dusty high school courtyard here. They crossed Polish Army Boulevard and marched into the center of town, sprawling in four long lines along the edge of St. Joseph?s Square. U.S. to Give Ukraine?s Military an Additional $75 Million in Nonlethal AidMARCH 11, 2015 A pro-Russian rebel left a trench on the front lines near Ukrainian troops last week. A cease-fire began Feb. 15, but there have been 1,000 violations reported so far. Obama Said to Resist Growing Pressure From All Sides to Arm Ukraine MARCH 10, 2015 Gen. Boguslaw Pacek, an adviser to the Polish defense minister and the government?s chief liaison with these paramilitary groups, marched with them. He has been making the rounds in recent months of such gatherings: student chapters like this one, as well as groups of veterans, even battle re-enactors. Children played soccer as young members of the Shooters Association trained at a school in Kalisz. Credit Piotr Malecki for The New York Times One of those who took the oath in Kalisz was Bartosz Walesiak, 16,...
Volunteering a healthy contribution, 
Microsoft reveals who gets Windows 10, and how, 
What caused those spectacular northern lights – and how you can catch them next time, Aurora borealis lights up the sky over Dunstanburgh Castle in Northumberland, England. Owen Humphreys/PA Catching a glimpse of the northern lights is apparently the top experience for Britons compiling a “bucket list” of must-do experiences before they die. It’s not surprising, the aurora borealis is a breathtakingly beautiful natural phenomenon, but one that is seldom seen from the British Isles. Nevertheless, on the morning of March 18, the British press were reporting a brilliant display of the northern lights the previous night. Social media was overflowing with photographic evidence of a display stretching from Scotland to Somerset. But what had brought the lights to the UK that night? The story begins in the early hours of March 15, when a magnetically active region of the Sun’s surface crackled and erupted, hurling billions of tonnes of the solar atmosphere out into the solar system. Unless you have a keen interest in our local star, you were probably unaware this had happened. It didn’t make the news. But for scientists studying how solar activity affects the space environment surrounding our planet, it was the start of an interesting couple of days. Next stop: planet Earth. NASA Within hours, the trajectory of this magnetised outpouring of subatomic particles had been modelled. The cloud, known as a coronal mass ejection (CME), was heading in our direction at about one million miles an hour. It looked like it would deliver a glancing blow to planet Earth some time on March 17, but what would happen if it did? Space weather forecasters the world over set to work. A likely outcome in this scenario is that the arrival of the CME will trigger a geomagnetic storm. This occurs when the magnetic field within the CME couples with the Earth’s magnetic field, allowing energy and matter to transfer from the CME to the near-Earth space environment. The most obvious symptom of a geomagnetic storm is more intense aurora borealis due to the increased...
OpenSSL fixes serious denial-of-service bug, 11 other flaws, 
Net neutrality rules let FCC police future ISP conduct, 
Mudgee Police Briefs, March 20, 
Salvo Care Line closure, 
TPP 'critical' for Australian farming, 
DAE Launches Free Education Series For Timeshare Owners In the U.S., 
More reliable water supply in the pipeline for Warrnambool, 
More reliable water supply in the pipeline for Warrnambool, 
Antech Diagnostics agrees to acquire assets of AVRL for $21 million from Abaxis, 
New bugs uncovered in encryption software, 
OBDII Scan Gauge II, I was using a Bluetooth dongle and running the Torque App from the OBDII port on my BF Falcon but put it aside and bought a Scangauge II and now have it on the Ranger. I had 2 problems with the dongle variety. Firstly I was having issues with a flat battery and from comments elsewhere and from my own experimentation it seems that the dongle may not have been allowing the car ECU to go to sleep properly sometimes when locking the car. Can't really prove it but it did seem to improve afterwards. Secondly, as my phone was also used for running Oziexplorer etc the phone was causing problems swapping between functions and was slowing down too much. New phone probably wouldn't have same issues but too happy with the Scangauge to change. An issue that people might be wanting to watch out for with any of these methods of using the OBDII port is that you might consider removing the dongle or Scangauge before taking the car to the Factory Dealer and don't mention that you were using one. My reason is that in talking to a Dealer Service staff member a while back was that it might give them the opportunity to deny a warranty issue for any ECU or electrical issue that could in their view be blamed for unauthorised use of the OBDII port. His comments to me were quite direct in this matter.
Now That We’re ‘All Programmatic’, Which Model Should We Choose?, eBay Advertising has announced the creation of a ‘channel agnostic’ agency sales team offering increased scope for automated media buying following lessons learned during its ‘Programmatic Only Week’. This comes just a day after AppNexus revealed it bought Yieldex to facilitate the rise of programmatic direct. The online retail giant’s advertising arm today (19 March) announced plans to change the focus of its agency sales team offering media buyers a more flexible way to purchase its inventory, and will be headed up by Rob Bassett, eBay Advertising, sales director, with third-party sales house Ad2One also supporting the organisation when it comes to advertisers that want to book ad space via more manual means. All of these decisions were taken post the eBay Advertising pilot programme ‘Programmatic Only Week’ (where it would only sell media space using programmatic means) between 16 February and 22 February, with more than 1 billion ad impressions purchased on its UK site using ad tech during the period. EBay has not publicly disclosed what effect this has had on its advertising yield during the period, but ExchangeWire sources assert the subsequent decision to restructure its sales operations would indicate that it sees a cost benefit to the increased focus on trading media using programmatic technology. Speaking earlier with ExchangeWire about the feedback from ‘Programmatic Only Week’, Phoung Nguyen, eBay Advertising, director, (pictured below, left) explained the initiative was an attempt to crack residual resistance to programmatic media trading. In a press release detailing the changes, he said: “’Programmatic Only Week’ has been a major catalyst of change for us. It proved that the industry is ready and willing to embrace programmatic trading, and highlighted where our industry partners need to invest to make the jump.” Nguyen continued: “Feedback from our agencies was that there is a creative application for programmatic...
New bugs uncovered in encryption software (Reuters), 
Terms of Use, 
Randy Clark: The Healing Miracles Preacher, While kneeling at the altar, Randy Clark felt a sharp pain in his left eye lasting just a split second.The unusual pain caught his attention because he had only recently received a "crash course" in different ways to receive words of knowledge—downloads of supernatural information from the Holy Spirit that otherwise would be unknown to the recipient. One way was actually feeling the condition someone was experiencing.Cautiously, the pastor of the small Midwestern church approached the pulpit microphone and stammered out, "If ... uh ... some of you ... uh, possibly has something wrong with their left eye, well ... uh ... if you'll just come forward, we'll pray for you."His confidence was diminutive and his faith was even smaller. At the time in the early 1980s, gifts of the Spirit and healing miracles were foreign territory for this Baptist pastor.In a matter of minutes, a widow named Ruth approached the altar. Clark and his team gathered around her, praying until, Clark says, "we ran out of things to say." That night, Ruth was reportedly healed of tunnel vision affecting her left eye.The miracle was significant, but what happened the following week would ultimately help shape the "consciousness of a generation" of Pentecostals and charismatics as it relates to the move of the Spirit in recent decades.The following Sunday, Clark gave the church an opportunity to share testimonies. A woman stood up in the back, and in a strong, southern accent, said, "Brother Randy, I think I'm having one of them there things you was just talking about 'cause there's nothin' wrong with my right wrist, but it's killin' me.' "At first, Clark was concerned that his teaching had opened a Pandora's box of controversy. Was it just the power of suggestion? No one responded until the end of the church service. Then, right before the benediction, Clark's best friend's wife, Barbara, stood and addressed the congregation. With tears streaking down her face, she told of a debilitating pain in...
This is Park Ranger Koop at your service, This is Park Ranger Koop at your service
Senate committee ramps up pressure to reverse legal aid cuts, 
Brisbane 20 best secret spots, 
Business Council wants more "flexibilty" for employers, 
Proposal for domestic violence summit for men, 
Brisbane 20 best secret spots, 
Sales to customer service...Mind Blown. Thats always been my focus!, Sales to customer service...Mind Blown. Thats always been my focus!
Risks lurk for buyers in NSW electricity assets sale, 
Social services urge against dole wait for jobless youth, 
Business Council wants more "flexibilty" for employers, 
ActewAGL warns regulator of plans for 200 possible job losses, 
Double Rubel, then toil and trouble, 
XCMG Launches New Manufacturing Base and Heavy Truck Model 'HA... - 19 March 2015 10:49, 
Huawei multiplies partnerships with software and service providers, 
Huawei multiplies partnerships with software and service providers, 
capioIT March Newsletter – Was 2006 equal to 1962 for the digital era, technology and referees and why compliance, regulatory and consumer environments matter for digital, What’s News…. Was 2006 equal to 1962 for the digital era, technology and referees and why compliance, regulatory and consumer environments matter for digital Clearly the global economy is being transformed by the Digital era of commerce. New market opportunities, synergies, economic systems and more are being created and redefined at what is frankly an unprecedented rate. Traditionally (if the digital world is mature enough to use the word), the focus on Digital is orientated around Social Media (or security) (S), Mobility (M) Analytics (A) and Cloud Computing (C). Whilst these are all critical for the success of any digital investment it is a narrow definition of digital created by technology biased stakeholders. The non-technology based elements that are missing are governance and consumer or stakeholder behaviour. These are as critical the the success or failure of any digital investment. Just ask Uber, airbnb and any number of others who failed to understand the role of a regulatory environment that can constrain innovation and a consumer response that can work for you or against you. In the second half of 2014, a significant amount of capioIT time was spent focused on the compliance and regulatory aspects of Digital investments for the accounting sector.  The professional services industry is being pressured from a regulatory and compliance point of view as well as the never ending disruption of SMAC. This clearly affects the ability to respond to client mobility requirements. Typically legislation is not keeping up with enough aspects of digital, mobility, and identity let alone cloud requirements. The broad and loosely defined participants in the digital Economy must take a more structured approach to regulatory and compliance issues. Failure to do so will result in the investments repeatedly disappointing. It is a significant opportunity for the often disparate silos of the organisation to work with each other as well as in their industry. 1962 was a...
Far North Qld braces for Cyclone Nathan, 
RT @juzzytribune: Man Who Powers Microsoft’s Internet Explorer To Retire After 20 Year’s Service http://t.co/sEVVB1rkJS, RT @juzzytribune: Man Who Powers Microsoft’s Internet Explorer To Retire After 20 Year’s Service http://t.co/sEVVB1rkJS
The Upload: Your tech news briefing for Thursday, March 19, 
The Upload: Your tech news briefing for Thursday, March 19, 
DiData security chief poached as e-Safety Commissioner, 
RT @The_Shovel_: Man Who Powers Microsoft’s Internet Explorer To Retire After 20 Year’s Service http://t.co/HTMu6MPVCF http://t.co/UM9OMUD61O, RT @The_Shovel_: Man Who Powers Microsoft’s Internet Explorer To Retire After 20 Year’s Service http://t.co/HTMu6MPVCF http://t.co/UM9OMUD61O
Brisbane 20 best secret spots, 
GM to shut Russian plant as sales slide, Adolf is running Russia into the ground. Plunging car sales leave Russia?s auto industry running on empty February 23, 2015 Alexei Lossan, RBTH According to the Federal State Statistics Service (Rosstat), production of light cars in Russia in January 2015 decreased by 45 percent in comparison to December 2014. Results for 2014 show that Russia?s auto industry has been thrown into crisis by the devaluation of the ruble, with a drastic fall in car sales registered over the past year as Russians? relative income has decreased and production costs have risen. According to observers, the situation is so critical that it is threatening the work of foreign producers in Russia, some of which have already announced a halt in production. Plunging car sales leave Russia?s auto industry running on empty. Russia?s car industry is facing drastic cuts in production as the devaluation of the ruble and inflation hit both consumers and manufacturers in the pocket, with statistics for 2014 showing a dramatic plunge in car sales against a backdrop of rising costs. According to the Federal State Statistics Service (Rosstat), production of light cars in Russia in January 2015 decreased by 45 percent in comparison to December 2014, and by 26 percent in comparison to January 2014. In turn, according to the Association of European Business, car sales in January 2015 also fell by about 25 percent in Russia. Analysts for PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) say that in 2014 Russia's car market was determined by the complex macroeconomic situation in the country and the significant fall of the ruble. As a result, according to PwC statistics, sales of light cars in Russia (excluding LCVs) in 2014 declined by 10.1 percent to 2.3 million units. Furthermore, the other BRICS countries (Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa) also experienced declines in car sales, except for China. At the same time, the developed markets in America, Europe and Japan showed a positive trend. A complex situation The...
Addict went on two-month crime spree: court, 
'We are not throwing police out on the scrap heap', 
We need details about the UBS report, 
GM to shut Russian plant as sales slide, Gee Salvy if you keep waving the arms around like that while sitting in the armchair you might take off!!!! Just for a twitch cast your mind from your beloved Russia back to your hated Australia and ponder for just a twitch the remarkable similarity between GM escaping from doomed Russia to GM+Ford+Toyota+Mitsubish escaping from Bill Shorten's Commo Union Parasites here in Australia. Now apply your Wayne Swan economics to Australia and decide if there will be a sudden enormous increase in jobs when there are 4 empty buildings stripped of everything when GM+Ford+Toyota+Mitsubishi leave. GM closes factory, Opel leaves Russia Wednesday, March 18, 2015 - 16:00Steven One day after Nissan announced the temporary suspension of production at its Russia plant, General Motors goes a step further. GM announced that its Chevrolet brand will minimize its presence in Russia and the Opel brand will leave the market by December 2015. Next to that GM will stop the activities at its plant in St Petersburg by the middle of 2015. GM will only focus on the premium segment of the Russian market with Cadillac and U.S. built iconic Chevrolet products such as the Corvette, Camaro and Tahoe. While the Russian car market as a whole fell by 32% in January and February of this year, GM's sales in the same period plummeted by as much as 75% (even 82% for Opel). Opel's withdrawal from Russia should allow it to stay on track for its 2016 goal of returning to profitability. Opel Group CEO Dr. Karl-Thomas Neumann: ?We do not have the appropriate localization level for important vehicles built in Russia and the market environment does not justify a major investment to further localize. We had to take decisive action in Russia to protect our business. We confirm our outlook to return the European business to profitability in 2016 and stick to our long-term goals as defined in our DRIVE!2022 strategy,? said Dr. Neumann. By 2022, the company plans to raise its market share in total Europe to 8 percent...
We need details about the UBS report, 
RT @The_Shovel_: Man Who Powers Microsoft’s Internet Explorer To Retire After 20 Year’s Service http://t.co/HTMu6MPVCF http://t.co/UM9OMUD61O, RT @The_Shovel_: Man Who Powers Microsoft’s Internet Explorer To Retire After 20 Year’s Service http://t.co/HTMu6MPVCF http://t.co/UM9OMUD61O
No Child Left Behind fails to work 'miracles,' spurs cheating, Education policy has focussed on testing standards to enforce accountability cybrarian77, CC BY-NC Although re-authorization is still politically complicated, 2015 appears to be the year the Elementary and Secondary Education Act (ESEA) will be reformed. Popularly known as No Child Left Behind (NCLB), ESEA promised to close the achievement gap and herald an era of evidence-based education policy by giving federal teeth to a state-based accountability process launched in the early 1980s. However, NCLB not only failed to accomplish these goals, but also led to some schools resorting to cheating, so as to increase test scores. Starting in 1984, I taught for 18 years in a South Carolina public school. For the past 13 years I have been a professor of teacher education. Throughout these 30-plus years, I have witnessed how accountability based on standards and high-stakes testing has guided how we view and run schools. My experience and analysis of education policy during that time have revealed important lessons from NCLB – ones likely to be ignored during the re-authorization process. Education reform under the Obama administration and the initial plans for re-authorization show that politicians continue to support standardized testing as part of accountability policies, despite a long record of failure. US education policy has been guided by “miracle” claims Throughout the 1990s and into the 2000s, “miracles” in education reform have significantly influenced US education policy. NCLB, for instance, was built on bi-partisan support for George W. Bush’s self-proclaimed Texas “Miracle.” The “miracle” under Bush suggested that accountability based on standards and high-stakes testing raised student achievement and solved some long-standing educational challenges, such as drop-out rates and achievement gaps. ‘Miracle’ reforms and not evidence, continue to drive education policy. me and the sysop, CC BY-ND However, scholars have raised...
Nintendo: Investors cheer Japanese video game company's move into smartphone games, 
RT @The_Shovel_: Man Who Powers Microsoft’s Internet Explorer To Retire After 20 Year’s Service http://t.co/HTMu6MPVCF http://t.co/UM9OMUD61O, RT @The_Shovel_: Man Who Powers Microsoft’s Internet Explorer To Retire After 20 Year’s Service http://t.co/HTMu6MPVCF http://t.co/UM9OMUD61O
Rakuten buying eBook firm OverDrive for $410 million in U.S. push, 
Investors cheer Nintendo move into smartphone games, 
Man Who Powers Microsoft’s Internet Explorer To Retire After 20 Year’s Service @jdalrymple http://t.co/qpwgvz2Che, Man Who Powers Microsoft’s Internet Explorer To Retire After 20 Year’s Service @jdalrymple http://t.co/qpwgvz2Che
Man Who Powers Microsoft’s Internet Explorer To Retire After 20 Year’s Service http://t.co/qpwgvz2Che, Man Who Powers Microsoft’s Internet Explorer To Retire After 20 Year’s Service http://t.co/qpwgvz2Che
RT @The_Shovel_: Man Who Powers Microsoft’s Internet Explorer To Retire After 20 Year’s Service http://t.co/HTMu6MPVCF http://t.co/UM9OMUD61O, RT @The_Shovel_: Man Who Powers Microsoft’s Internet Explorer To Retire After 20 Year’s Service http://t.co/HTMu6MPVCF http://t.co/UM9OMUD61O
Uber sued for false advertising by California taxi companies, 
Myer pledges 'courageous' action, 
Acision Powers Messaging Monetisation Service at Claro Peru to... - 19 March 2015 06:25, 
Central Australian icon for sale, 
Doubts raised about CBA's tech buying standards following bribery scandal, 
GM to shut Russian plant as sales slide, (Reuters) - General Motors Co (GM.N) will shut its Russian factory and wind down its Opel brand in the country, taking a $600 million charge as it restructures its business to cope with a deepening downturn, the U.S. carmaker said on Wednesday. After several years of growth in excess of 10 percent, car sales in Russia shrank in 2014 as the economy weakened because of Western sanctions over the Ukraine crisis and a slide in oil prices. The rouble also tumbled last year, making consumers think twice about large purchases and manufacturers find ways to cut costs. The U.S. carmaker said it would stop production at its St. Petersburg plant which makes the Chevrolet Cruze, Opel Astra and Chevrolet Trailblazer models by the middle of 2015. The closure of the plant will mean the loss of 1,000 jobs. It will wind down the Opel brand by December and stop assembling mass-market Chevrolet cars at GAZ (GAZA.MM), a Russian vehicle factory, to concentrate on premium car sales. "This decision avoids significant investment into a market that has very challenging long-term prospects," GM President Dan Ammann said in a statement. Russia's Economy Ministry said late on Wednesday that no other foreign car company having an assembly line in Russia has said it would leave the market, RIA news agency reported. "The Ministry of Economic Development of Russia cannot agree with the assessment of the market by one individual company," RIA cited the ministry's spokeswoman as saying. GM said it would take around $600 million in special charges related to the reorganization of the Russian business, primarily in the first quarter of 2015. Russia accounted for 1.9 percent of GM's global sales in 2014, down from 2.6 percent in 2013. RUSSIAN MARKET SHRINKS The Russian car market is forecast to shrink by up to 35 percent in 2015 according to PricewaterhouseCoopers.. The Russian Economy Ministry said it expects the domestic car market to return to growth in 2016. "The (growth) results can be...
Sigma Pharmaceuticals boosts earnings despite 'tough trading' environment, 
Uber sued for false advertising by California taxi companies, 
Man Who Powers Microsoft’s Internet Explorer To Retire After 20 Year’s Service http://t.co/t4hpG57l1h #feedly, Man Who Powers Microsoft’s Internet Explorer To Retire After 20 Year’s Service http://t.co/t4hpG57l1h #feedly
EMC Enlists as Gold Sponsor at the Arab Future Cities Summit Qatar to Showcase Middle East Smart City Technology Applications, 
Legal service cuts: Sussan Ley to raise concerns over funding with Attorney-General George Brandis (ABC), 
RT @The_Shovel_: Man Who Powers Microsoft’s Internet Explorer To Retire After 20 Year’s Service http://t.co/HTMu6MPVCF http://t.co/UM9OMUD61O, RT @The_Shovel_: Man Who Powers Microsoft’s Internet Explorer To Retire After 20 Year’s Service http://t.co/HTMu6MPVCF http://t.co/UM9OMUD61O
RT @The_Shovel_: Man Who Powers Microsoft’s Internet Explorer To Retire After 20 Year’s Service http://t.co/HTMu6MPVCF http://t.co/UM9OMUD61O, RT @The_Shovel_: Man Who Powers Microsoft’s Internet Explorer To Retire After 20 Year’s Service http://t.co/HTMu6MPVCF http://t.co/UM9OMUD61O
Man Who Powers Microsoft’s Internet Explorer To Retire After 20 Year’s Service http://t.co/MN72pQknXc, Man Who Powers Microsoft’s Internet Explorer To Retire After 20 Year’s Service http://t.co/MN72pQknXc
Work How To Reduce Online Fraud And Cyber Crime, 
Liberals' tunnel vision, 
SalesAtWork heads for Mexico, 
Augview wins APSEA award for Innovation and Commercialisation, 
BRITA streamlines field marketing with SalesAtWork, 
Australian Capital Territory: services, 
Child protection workers go on one-hour strike, 
Do we live on the most desirable place on earth?, 
Why is there no law against this? WHAT happens when a jilted lover shares a sexually-explicit photo or video of an ex? More often than not, nothing. At least not to the perpetrator., 
Explorer train to wait for upgrade. No threat to Armidale train service. The rumours false? #nswvotes. http://t.co/e77JUd1rt2 via @abcnews, Explorer train to wait for upgrade. No threat to Armidale train service. The rumours false? #nswvotes. http://t.co/e77JUd1rt2 via @abcnews
NSW election: Labor and Coalition's transport policies run on parallel lines, 
Next SA police commissioner to be current deputy Grant Stevens (ABC), 
HTC One M9 details revealed, 
Rakuten buying eBook firm OverDrive for $410 million in U.S. push (Reuters), 
Nathan zones in on Cape York, 
Whickman in charge at Ford Australia - Motoring, 
CiscoLive: Creating trust in a brand via cybersecurity, 
March 19, 8:49 am Frantic rush in MKR pub challenge, 
Daintree ferry open until midnight, 
Yellow Brick Road JV awarded $50M institutional mandate, Yellow Brick Road’s (ASX:YBR) joint venture with Coolabah Capital Investments Pty Ltd, Smarter Money Investments (SMI), has been awarded a $50 million institutional mandate and a five-star Morningstar rating. This represents a 25% increase in funds under management (FUM) that will be split equally across its Smarter Money Active Cash and new Smarter Money Higher Income funds. Total FUM over both Funds now exceeds $250 million. In February, SMI’s Smarter Money Active Cash Fund received a “five-star” Morningstar Rating based on its assessed 3 year risk-adjusted performance within the Morningstar Peer Group - Australian Short Term Fixed Interest – Investment Trust, since February 2012. On 16th March 2015, Yellow Brick Road and Coolabah extended their existing contractual arrangements with a focus on launching additional funds management products in the future that meet the needs of Australian savers. “Smarter Money Investments has emerged as one of Australia’s leading fixed-income boutiques and Yellow Brick Road is proud to have contributed to that success and to have brought the benefits of their savings solutions to our clients,” said YBR chief executive officer Matt Lawler. "Our commitment to an active, value-based investment style and a deep, six person investment team has delivered a highly competitive treasury solution for individuals, advisors, companies and institutions, and this is being recognised as our three year track-record builds." SMI co-chief investment officer Darren Harvey said. Smart Money Investments SMI was established in October 2011 by YBR and Coolabah Capital Investments Pty Ltd, each of which hold a 50% interest. Yellow Brick Road provides SMI with marketing, retail and wholesale distribution and accounting and management services while Coolabah supplies its portfolio management team. SMI, which launched its first product – the Smarter Money Active Cash Fund – in February 2012, gives YBR’s branch network access to...
Yellow Brick Road JV awarded $50M institutional mandate, 
Sigma Pharmaceuticals boosts earnings despite 'tough trading' environment, 
Sigma Pharmaceuticals boosts earnings despite 'tough trading' environment, 
Why is there no law against this?, 
HTC One M9 details revealed, 
Sigma Pharmaceuticals boosts earnings despite 'tough trading' environment, 
Gold loses daily price fix to technology, 
New Guild CPD course, Delivery of an effective travel health service in pharmacy is the focus of the latest Guild online CPD course.
Pet quolls are practically useless for real-world conservation, Could Tiger Quolls replace pet cats? S J Bennet/Flickr, CC BY-SA Keeping native animals as pets is an idea that’s been around for decades. Notable proponent Professor Mike Archer regards it as a “no-brainer”. Yesterday Senator David Leyonhjelm jumped on the bandwagon by suggesting that Australians choose quolls as alternative pets to cats. Along with our PhD student Trent Forge and colleague Gerhard Körtner, we study the ecology of spotted-tailed quolls, including their interactions with dingoes, foxes and feral cats, in the high country of northern New South Wales. Unsurprisingly, we’re big fans of these charismatic native predators. Despite a sometimes fierce appearance, quolls are typically calm, and recaptured animals readily habituate to humans. The right combination of calm quoll and tolerant human (or perhaps vice versa) would conceivably be a great match. But it might not be so helpful for quolls in the wild. A spotted-tailed quoll being handled for research purposes Trent Forge At the broadest level, we don’t think keeping quolls as companion animals is an especially bad idea. Further, we’re positively excited about initiatives that would result in Australia reducing the negative environmental impacts of cats. So what’s the problem? Essentially, we don’t think the Senator’s suggestion is likely to do anything, in practical terms, to address the core problem of wild quolls’ need for active conservation. Ultimately, domesticating quolls is little more than a nice distraction from the bigger issue of conserving these species in a meaningful way. Good for quolls … It would be wrong to suggest there are no potential benefits to quolls from “domestication”. Pet status offers quolls the prospect of increased “value” within society and the possibility that people’s contact with them would boost affinity for the species, in turn, making people more likely to support conservation efforts. However, it’s just as likely that we...
League of Legends Not Coming to Other Platforms, says Riot Games, 
Ley raises legal service funding cuts with Brandis, 
Sigma Pharmaceuticals boosts earnings despite 'tough trading' environment, 
Sigma Pharmaceuticals boosts earnings despite 'tough trading' environment, 
Cyclone Nathan clear of Cairns, 
Vocation sells Endeavour for $75m, 
Second time lucky for Study Group as Vocation sells Endeavour for $75m, 
Sigma Pharmaceuticals boosts earnings, 
Service Bus Explorer Namespace Management, Service Bus Explorer is an awesome tool for messing with Service Bus message queues, topics and subscriptions, andÂ it’s pretty intuitive to use too. …Seems that one thing that folks don’t seem to see right away is that you can manage … Continued
NSW state election 2015: Baird tries to win back trust in Hunter, Central Coast, 
Hypocritical Labor punishes consumers on electricity, 
Roselands Mall set for a facelift, 
DOCS workers to strike on Thursday, 
Sigma Pharmaceuticals boosts earnings despite 'tough trading' environment, 
Ford Australia boss quits, 
Ford Australia boss quits, 
Sigma Pharmaceuticals boosts earnings, 
Sigma Pharmaceuticals boosts earnings despite 'tough trading' environment, 
South Korea's National Carrier, Korean Air, Creates New Custom... - 19 March 2015 01:00, 
Whickman in charge at Ford Australia, 
Myer pledges 'courageous' action after surprise double-digit downgrade, 
Is there a doctor in the House?, 
Ford CEO Bob Graziano set for retirement, 
Rasoishop: Niche Omni-channel Retailing in Quality Kitchenware, Today we speak to Maitreyi Jain (MJ) the Founder of Rasoishop and Anil Kumar Jain (AKJ) the Business Mentor of Rasoishop and her father. Rasoishop.com is a virtual kitchen mega mall and one stop destination for buying kitchenware online in India. Being exclusively a kitchen merchandise store, Rasoishop focuses on the three aspects: premium products, honest prices and free home delivery. Rasoishop offers complete integration of Internet, TV, Brick and Mortar, Phone and Print mediums to the consumer. Q: How did this venture start and what was your association with it? MJ: My dad is a first generation entrepreneur. He has been the Softel brand owner and we have been into manufacturing for the past twenty years. I was studying in Bangalore, which was already buzzing about e-commerce and when I finished my CA, I was not willing to do a 9 to 5 job. So when I came in, we thought, why not start an e-commerce platform for our business venture? E-commerce is the next step for any traditional business to go forward. Our aim was to become an overall megastore for all the branded kitchen equipment players – to become the face of the kitchen in India. That was the idea because there are so many things that go into the kitchenware category, not only appliances but cookware, bakeware, et all. That’s how we launched Rasoishop. Q: So is kitchenware the category that you would continue to focus upon? MJ: Yes, because everybody is a very horizontal player, nobody is specifically niche, with a focus on the kitchen. However, kitchenware is one category where every household will be my customer; there is potential for a lot of growth. Q: How did you conclude that there are other brands who would like your team to front end for them? MJ: As brand owners of Softel, we were often faced with trade issues, like how to push products online as everybody is moving online. However, no one guarantees you sales. Here we give them branding as well as sales. Branding in itself is a function. Like...
March 2015 – 8 Answers for New Managers, Great people management fosters productivity, team work, customer service and ultimately successful organisations. Yet every day, people are promoted to be a manager, team leader or supervisor for the first time and are very often left to their own devices to figure the role out. I have had the opportunity in my 30 years as a management consultant of working with some amazing leaders. This month, I asked some of them what advice they would give first time managers. Here are 8 answers that I want to share with you “Success isn’t measured by personal contribution, it’s measured by team contribution. A first time manager needs to internalize this distinction and focus on coaching and mentoring the team. New mangers fail when they try and do their team members’ work instead of helping the team do its own work better.”  “The worst thing a new manager can do is to start by making changes without first listening and learning from the new team. What’s working? What’s not? What’s important to them? This helps validate decisions but also helps in getting the team’s buy-in from the beginning.” “Don’t give staff the answer to a problem, help them define it so that they can come up with their own solution. Your job isn’t to make people dependent on you, it’s to encourage them to think independently of you.” “Coach and lead rather than manage your team. People respond best to assistance in becoming the best they can be, not to telling them what to do. Leading a team is creating a vision that everyone will win.” “Courage is key. Are you a change agent? Are you ready to go the extra mile? Will you address a difficult problem head on? Will you work harder than your team, be open to new ideas, take risks, work with other managers – all in one day- and still have fun doing it all over again the next day?” “Manage everybody fairly but not necessarily equally. If you have clear goals, getting to or past them is all that matters. If you have...
Ford CEO Bob Graziano set for retirement, 
Child protection workers to strike on Thursday, 
Aboriginal war sacrifices forgotten, 
Ford CEO Bob Graziano set for retirement, 
Sales to customer service...Mind Blown. Thats always been my focus!, Sales to customer service...Mind Blown. Thats always been my focus!
Computerworld Tracy Mayor, • Internet Explorer is an ex-browser (following a prolonged squawk) …The U.S. government wants access to an alleged drug dealer’s emails, but Microsoft says, sorry, they’re in Ireland and out of bounds. …Technology officials look to enrich the value of … Continued
Ford CEO Bob Graziano set for retirement, 
